Lu Xuan, are you kidding me?
I'm just going to play you
Why do you think I'm afraid you can't help it?
Selected into our fish death net
The president of the dignified Lu Group is sad
Today is the platform for Tang's daughter
Not long ago, I had to force my makeup artist
Makeup artists make it clear
He was afraid to speak.
I will speak
He was afraid to come forward.
I'm going to stand up
Makeup artist Lu Zonghe forced makeup artist to get pregnant
Isn't this born an illegitimate child of Lu Quan?
What was born?
And that's a crime.
If all the evidence is there
Then Young Master Lu may not be able to escape
Evidence
Rice can be eaten indiscriminately
Don't talk nonsense
evidence
I'll show you the evidence
Did you see it?
Xiewen Hospital seal
Expert endorsement
Is this fake?
Half-blood fairy, you are crazy
Why so
Mr. Song, Miss Meng
Would you like to take a good look at this checklist?
8 weeks pregnant
Inspector Meng Xianxian